The Box Model: Update contents (#25475)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/html_css/the-box-model/the-box-model.md

<div class="lesson-content__panel" markdown="1">

1. [This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIO5326FgPE) is a straightforward overview of the box model, padding and margin. Go ahead and watch this now; it informs everything else.

> 2. Because the box model concept is so incredibly fundamental, check out [these sections from MDN box model lesson](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#what_is_the_css_box_model). Read up to [Margins, padding, and borders](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#margins_padding_and_borders). It covers the same material as the video above, but it goes a little further in-depth. Pay close attention to the examples and take the time to experiment with their in-browser editor!

Author: links doesn't work on mobile browsers

The upcoming lesson talks about these concepts from the very beginning with no confusion

 I made another commit #25476 referencing the same article

> 2. Because the box model concept is so incredibly fundamental, check out [these sections from MDN box model lesson](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#what_is_the_css_box_model). Read up to [Margins, padding, and borders](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#margins_padding_and_borders). It covers the same material as the video above, but it goes a little further in-depth. Pay close attention to the examples and take the time to experiment with their in-browser editor!

Reviewer: The links are not working for me on a computer. Well, to be clear the link works, but it does not take me to the heading that the link indicates that it should. Every link takes me to the same place.

> 2. Because the box model concept is so incredibly fundamental, check out [these sections from MDN box model lesson](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#what_is_the_css_box_model). Read up to [Margins, padding, and borders](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#margins_padding_and_borders). It covers the same material as the video above, but it goes a little further in-depth. Pay close attention to the examples and take the time to experiment with their in-browser editor!

Author: Hey @rlmoser99, Thanks for your patience with me. I'm sorry for the confusing here. I tried these links on both FF and chromium. They work as expected. These links are clearly valid links from MDN with heading ID.

> 2. Because the box model concept is so incredibly fundamental, check out [these sections from MDN box model lesson](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#what_is_the_css_box_model). Read up to [Margins, padding, and borders](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#margins_padding_and_borders). It covers the same material as the video above, but it goes a little further in-depth. Pay close attention to the examples and take the time to experiment with their in-browser editor!

Reviewer 2: Heading IDs for MDN do not seem to work in the following browser: Chrome, Edge, Opera. They do work in Firefox however.

> 2. Because the box model concept is so incredibly fundamental, check out [these sections from MDN box model lesson](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#what_is_the_css_box_model). Read up to [Margins, padding, and borders](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#margins_padding_and_borders). It covers the same material as the video above, but it goes a little further in-depth. Pay close attention to the examples and take the time to experiment with their in-browser editor!

Reviewer: @i4pg Because the inconsistency of the links to this awesome resource, I do not think we should split up the reading between two lessons. Instead, I suggest that he just provide a "warning" that they will be introduced to new material (previously it somewhat implies that all of the material was previously covered). So something like this:

```suggestion
2. Because the box model concept is so incredibly fundamental, let's dig a bit deeper with [this lesson from MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model). It covers the same material as the video above and will introduce you to inline boxes that we will explore in the next lesson. Pay close attention to the examples and take the time to experiment with their in-browser editor!
```

> 2. Because the box model concept is so incredibly fundamental, check out [these sections from MDN box model lesson](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#what_is_the_css_box_model). Read up to [Margins, padding, and borders](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#margins_padding_and_borders). It covers the same material as the video above, but it goes a little further in-depth. Pay close attention to the examples and take the time to experiment with their in-browser editor!

Author: That seems fine. It will help students prepare for what's coming in this assignment. Thanks.

*   [Would you use `margin` or `padding` to create more space between 2 elements?](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#margins_padding_and_borders)
*   [Would you use `margin` or `padding` to create more space between the contents of an element and its border?](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#margins_padding_and_borders)
*   [Would you use `margin` or `padding` if you wanted two elements to overlap each other?](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#margins_padding_and_borders)
*   [How do you set the alternative box model for all of your elements?](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#the_alternative_css_box_model)

> *   [How do you center an element horizontally?](https://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/m/margin/#aa-auto-and-centering)

Reviewer: We do not add new information to the Knowledge Checks. They are meant to review previous material, so this needs to be removed.

### Additional Resources

This section contains helpful links to related content. It isn’t required, so consider it supplemental.

*   [This W3Schools tutorial on CSS Box Model](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_boxmodel.asp) provides an interactive playground to test your box model skills with exercises.

> 

Reviewer: When a lesson does not have any additional resources, we have specific wording that we would like in this section. Please checkout out our layout style guide:
https://github.com/TheOdinProject/curriculum/blob/main/LAYOUT_STYLE_GUIDE.md

Author: I made a new commit
